fixes of i18n on readme.md (#145)
vtex-apps/add-to-cart-button: docs/README.md

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

> The `add-to-cart-button` block is designed to add products to the [Minicart](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-minicart/) (`minicart.v2`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `add-to-cart-button` block is designed to add products to the [Minicart](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.minicart/) (`minicart.v2`).
```

![image](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/vtex-add-to-cart-button-0.png)

> > ⚠️ Please note that the Add to Cart button is only compatible with stores using Minicart v2. For these stores, it will function correctly on the Shelf component and the Product Details page. If you are using [Minicart v1](https://github.com/vtex-apps/minicart/blob/383d7bbd3295f06d1b5854a0add561a872e1515c/docs/README.md), you should configure the [Buy Button block](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.store-components/buybutton) on the Product Details page and the [Product Summary Buy button](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.product-summary/productsummarybuybutton) on the Shelf component instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ The **Add to Cart** button is only compatible with stores using Minicart v2. For these stores, it will function correctly on the Shelf component and the Product Details page. If you are using [Minicart v1](https://github.com/vtex-apps/minicart/blob/383d7bbd3295f06d1b5854a0add561a872e1515c/docs/README.md), you should configure the [Buy Button block](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.store-components/buybutton) on the Product Details page and the [Product Summary Buy button](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.product-summary/productsummarybuybutton) on the Shelf component instead.
```

> > ⚠️ **Please note that the Add to Cart button is only compatible with stores using Minicart v2. ** For these stores, it will function correctly on the Shelf component and the Product Details page. **If you are using [Minicart v1](https://github.com/vtex-apps/minicart/blob/383d7bbd3295f06d1b5854a0add561a872e1515c/docs/README.md), you should configure the [Buy Button block](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-store-components-buybutton/) on the Product Details page and the [Product Summary Buy button](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary-productsummarybuybutton/) on the Shelf component instead.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Please note that the Add to Cart button is only compatible with stores using Minicart v2. For these stores, it will function correctly on the Shelf component and the Product Details page. If you are using [Minicart v1](https://github.com/vtex-apps/minicart/blob/383d7bbd3295f06d1b5854a0add561a872e1515c/docs/README.md), you should configure the [Buy Button block](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.store-components/buybutton) on the Product Details page and the [Product Summary Buy button](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.product-summary/productsummarybuybutton) on the Shelf component instead.
```

> ## Configurating Add to Cart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configuration
```

> 1. Import the `vtex.add-to-cart-button` app to your theme dependencies in the manifest.json. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Import the `vtex.add-to-cart-button` app to your theme dependencies in the `manifest.json` file, as follows:
```

  }
```

> | Prop name                 | Type      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Default value                                                                                 |
> | ------------------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `onClickBehavior`         | `enum`    | Controls what happens when users click the button. Possible values are: `go-to-product-page`, `add-to-cart`, and `ensure-sku-selection` (if multiple SKUs are available, users will be redirected to the product page to select the desired one. If the product only has 1 SKU available, it will be automatically added to the cart when the button is clicked). | `add-to-cart`                                                                                 |
> | `onClickEventPropagation` | `enum`    | Controls whether the 'onClick' event, triggered upon user clicks, should propagate to the parent elements of the page. Possible values are: `disabled` and `enabled`.                                                                                                                                                                                             | `disabled`                                                                                    |
> | `isOneClickBuy`           | `boolean` | Determines whether the user should be redirected to the checkout page (`true`) or not (`false`) when the Add to Cart button is clicked.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `false`                                                                                       |
> | `customOneClickBuyLink`   | `string`  | Defines the link to which users will be redirected when the Add to Cart button is clicked, and the `isOneClickBuy` prop is set to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `/checkout/#/cart`                                                                            |
> | `customToastUrl`          | `string`  | Defines the link to which users will be redirected when the toast (pop-up notification displayed when adding an item to the minicart) is clicked.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `/checkout/#/cart`                                                                            |
> | `text`                    | `string`  | Defines a custom text message to be displayed on the Add to Cart button.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `Add to cart` _(automatic translation will be applied following your store default language)_ |
> | `unavailableText`         | `string`  | Defines a custom text message to be displayed on the Add to Cart button when a product is unavailable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `Unavailable` _(automatic translation will be applied following your store default language)_ |
> | `customPixelEventId`      | `string`  | Defines the `id` for the event that the button will send upon user interaction.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `undefined`                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| - | - | - | - |
| `onClickBehavior` | `enum` | Controls what happens when users click the button. Possible values are: `go-to-product-page`, `add-to-cart`, and `ensure-sku-selection` (if multiple SKUs are available, users will be redirected to the product page to select the desired one. If the product only has 1 SKU available, it will be automatically added to the cart when the button is clicked). | `add-to-cart` |
| `onClickEventPropagation` | `enum` | Controls whether the 'onClick' event, triggered upon user clicks, should propagate to the parent elements of the page. Possible values are: `disabled` and `enabled`. | `disabled` |
| `isOneClickBuy` | `boolean` | Determines whether the user should be redirected to the checkout page (`true`) or not (`false`) when the **Add to Cart** button is clicked. | `false` |
| `customOneClickBuyLink`   | `string`  | Defines the link to which users will be redirected when the **Add to Cart** button is clicked, and the `isOneClickBuy` prop is set to `true`. | `/checkout/#/cart` |
| `customToastUrl` | `string`  | Defines the link to which users will be redirected when the toast (pop-up notification displayed when adding an item to the minicart) is clicked. | `/checkout/#/cart` |
| `text` | `string`  | Defines a custom text message to be displayed on the **Add to Cart** button. | `Add to cart` _(automatic translation will be applied following your store default language)_ |
| `unavailableText` | `string`  | Defines a custom text message to be displayed on the **Add to Cart** button when a product is unavailable. | `Unavailable` _(automatic translation will be applied following your store default language)_ |
| `customPixelEventId` | `string`  | Defines the `id` for the event that the button will send upon user interaction.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `undefined` |
```
